[Music]
hello it's Ruby and welcome back to
another university vlog so this is now
my second full day at university I don't
actually have any plans strictly I just
want to get some work done and I also
want to go into town to get a few little
bits fast of all I actually haven't
eaten breakfast yet and I haven't been
hungry so I didn't think there was any
point in eating immediately but I should
have breakfast
so I decided to fill up a hot water
bottle for myself to bring into my room
because I've been getting really cold
recently and so I've been really loving
using my head with hot water bottle and
then I just brought my breakfast into my
bedroom I had porridge this morning then
I got him with what and as I said and I
was working on a school visit that I was
doing I was just first of all using my
friend to get up the plan that I'd
written at home but I hadn't what it was
made only taken a picture and then I got
started on making the handout because I
really think handouts can be really
valuable when you're giving a
presentation Lord walks and then here I
was just drafting out the order in which
I would say everything I wanted to say
[Music]
okay I have just finished doing my
preliminary plan basically this is just
a step by step of what I'm going to talk
about and I've also made the handout
which this top bit I'm basically gonna
tailor depending on the order of this
and what comes up so I'll add to that
later but I've also included revision
methods and some useful apps and
websites and then here I just started
writing up the script this isn't
something I was actually going to follow
it's more of just a guide I find it
useful to have a script written out even
if I don't memorize it or read from it
okay so I'm now going to head out to
town it's 1:15 I also ate some lunch and
so I didn't show you that I made a fake
tuna panini because I bought something
Heaney bread from home they had some one
sale in Sainsbury's I think was it
Sainsbury's well they have some one sale
and so I got some because I love panini
bread but it's going up tomorrow so I
had to freeze the rest of it I'm just
gonna quickly tidy this up before I
leave I think it was early when they got
stuff out for to you
[Music]
the reason why I've got to create a food
in my room is because let's say that I
don't want to leave my room and I'm
hungry
say for example if one of my flatmates
it's got people around and I'm in my
pajamas and I'm hungry but I don't want
to go outside my pajamas then all I have
to do is get something out of my crate
so this is a snack
snacky food and I also keep all my tea
in here I don't know why I should
probably keep it in the kitchen but I
like having tea it's such a nice day
today I'm just going down to town as I
said basically you're just gonna pick up
a few things that I forgot to bring with
me the first time around so I didn't
actually bring any washing up liquid
which I definitely need to get some of
the other thing which for some reason I
don't know how I managed to forget these
because I'm pretty sure I packed them
but I can't find any trainer sorry when
we went into town I decided to go to
Holland and Barrett they were having a
sale on tears so I actually actually
picked up four boxes and it came to
seven pounds and I also decided to look
at the flowers in M&S I didn't end up
getting any of them but I was very
tempted by these I was just too M&S I
decided to pick up some people
the last place I'm going to go
we'll codes because I want to pick up
some eggs and some strings I could hang
up my paper in will coos they had this
really lovely marauders math notebook
and I found this really lovely snow
globe and Paper Chase which reminded me
of Wonder and again I didn't get either
of these but they're very nice still so
after that when I got back home I just
unpacked everything and you can see I
actually bought this diffuser from the
body shop because I'm not allowed
candles I wanted to have something to
make my room smell nice and it was this
discounted pine tree scented 100% vegan
scent diffuser and then I was having
some issues with my Wi-Fi so I was on
the phone for an hour and a half trying
to get it sorted and I didn't quite get
as much as I need to do and I need to
cool them off again but maybe hopefully
it's worth it it's just very very
annoying especially when you're left on
hold for the ages and ages and ages
so after that in the evening on Friday
we were having a Harry Potter pop quiz
and so I was basically testing my
flatmates on the pub quiz questions and
it was a really good fun
[Music]
and also here I got myself a bowl of
plain out Pro vegan yogurt and frozen
blueberries it's a really nice
combination
[Music]
I'm going to round off the vlog here
because it's like 10:30 and I am ready
to get to bed thank you so much for
watching this video I hope that you
enjoyed it
sorry for the lights on but perhaps I
will see you tomorrow for another daily
university vlog because I am vlogging
the first two weeks of university as I
did last year thank you so much for
watching and I hate that you have a
productive week
[Music]